our little bit cats are hiding so well
today that no one can see them not the
ostrich the zebra the baboon or even the
elephant ah I know maybe the giraffe can
see them with their big long necks they
can see high above the grass they can
see a big stripy head of zebra the
wildebeest eating the long long grass
but they can't see any of our little big
cuts the grass is just too long it was
kind of the giraffes to have a look but
I think our little big cats may be a
little harder to find hold on a minute
who is that
is it Quito a cheetah cub I wonder what
he's doing I'm hiding from that big
scary baboon mama says to stay away from
baboons so and keeping very still and
quiet so he can't find me I've been here
for ages and he hasn't even come close
oh no I've given myself away
no no he's walking away please hey mama
I stayed hidden from that big baboon
just like you said look he's gone now
and none of the other animals found me
either I'm the best at hiding it's been
great fun
I love hide-and-seek can we play again
tomorrow
can we can we
oh mama where have you gone I keep
losing you in office grass oh there you
are hi mama
little big cuts I've had great fun
hiding today and it's all good practice
for the Cubs they are learning how to
hide for fun but if they ever need to
they can also hide from danger lots of
animals are arriving here now because
they like to eat in long grass so next
time we come to the Masai Mara it should
be a lot easier for us to find all our
little big cuts but for now it's time to
say goodbye for hurry
from the wide grassy plains of Africa
good bye gazelle Kwaheri gazelle
goodbye moguls Kwaheri Mongoose
goodbye elephants
Kwaheri elephants
goodbye nimah Kwaheri Nima goodbye Kito
Kwaheri